Welcome. We have some exciting things to share with you in this update. I'm sure you'll
find it very encouraging. This month makes the 10-year anniversary of the release of the
revised English New World Translation at the annual meeting in 2013. That historic
program was streamed to 31 lands and over 1.4 million attended in person or via internet
stream. The complete New World Translation is now available in 158 languages, but if
we take into consideration those languages that have the complete Christian Greek Scriptures
or part of the Christian Greek Scriptures, that brings the total to 279 languages. We've
found this revision to be so helpful in our ministry, haven't we? And now the governing
body has approved of adding yet another tool to help us quickly access the powerful message
in the Bible. We all believe in the power of God's Word to give us comfort and guidance.
Because of that, we have our favorite Scriptures that we refer to over and over again. However,
do you ever partially remember a Bible verse but you're not sure where to find it? I know
that happens to me. Or do you want to comfort someone with a verse that perhaps they don't
often hear? If so, you'll be pleased to know that a new tool is being released. It has
the title Scriptures for Christian Living. This publication is similar in a number of ways
to one that was released back in 1965. The book makes sure of all things hold fast to what
is fine. The title page described that book as a compilation of Scriptures from the Holy Bible
under 123 main headings. Its purpose? The title page said,
this book may be used to assure yourself of the Bible teaching on these subjects and also
to answer those who challenge your faith. Make sure was a well-loved publication. Notice what
two publishers enjoyed about it. I love this book. It's comprehensive lists of Scriptures under
topics ranging from angels to work, helped me to understand and identify important Bible principles.
Well, when the make sure book came out, we were pioneering in the Bible belt,
where we often had doctrinal discussions. I remember one time talking with a woman,
and she brought up the rich man in Lazarus. So, we went to that section in the make sure book
on Hellfire, and we were able to reason with her on the matter. I was in the Air Force when I got
the truth, and so this book helped me to understand a lot more clearly issues relating to war,
neutrality, and friendship with the world. To this star, keep my copy handy. I would say that
it was a teaching tool of the time, and as pioneers, we never have come without it.
Like the make sure book, which is no longer available in print, the new publication,
Scriptures for Christian Living, is a compilation of Scriptures on more than 100 topics.
The purpose of this publication is to help us, as we're instructed at 2nd Timothy 2.15,
that is, to handle the word of truth or right. Let's briefly outline key features of this new
publication using JW Library. Scriptures for Christian Living, which were referred to as SCL,
makes it easy to locate Bible verses and accounts to help you deal with challenges and to encourage
others. It doesn't list all the Scriptures on a given topic, instead it groups the various
subjects by category. To find a subject, use the search box in JW Library, or browse the categories.
SCL is divided into seven categories, challenges, conduct, congregation, daily life,
family, spirituality, and qualities. Select a category and then scroll down the list of topics.
If you're not sure which category might have the subject you're looking for, select all.
Many of the subjects have these features. Under each topic, you'll see a number of statements or
questions involved. Decided verses support this statement or answer the question.
In some cases, there are see also verses or relevant Bible accounts listed.
How can the SCL be used? Unlike the make sure book, which was designed primarily for use in the
field ministry, SCL is designed to guide us as we face the challenges of living us through Christians.
Elders, you'll find this new publication to be a valuable resource on shepherding calls
and when developing talks. Family heads, you may want to use the material as a basis for some
of your family worship sessions. In congregation publishers, you can use this material
not only as a basis for some personal Bible study projects, but also to help your Bible students
learn and apply Bible principles when making decisions. SCL has been approved in over 300 languages.
How can you get a copy? And the big question, when can you get a copy? We're happy to inform you
that SCL is now available in JW Library and will later be available in print. For a period of time,
SCL will be available in what's new. And you'll also be able to find by selecting the library option
at the bottom of the screen and then selecting books. Some languages will be available at the same
time as English, with more languages to follow. It's the governing body's hope that scriptures
for Christian living will help all of us to do a second Timothy 3.17 says, and use God's word
to become fully competent, completely equipped for every good work.
This is especially important as we get deeper into the last days.
Have you ever been afraid during the past few years? Afraid you'd get sick? Afraid you'd lose your
job? Afraid you wouldn't be able to feed your family? Maybe you faced a natural disaster,
persecution or war? For what seems like an eternity you've been living with fear?
If so, what does it mean? Does being afraid indicate a lack of faith? Not at all.
Faithful men of the past have been afraid at times. Take David, for example.
King Saul had put a price on David's head. As a result, no place in Israel was safe for David,
so he decided to leave the country. Where do you go? To gas the hometown of Goliath?
Well, as you can imagine, David wasn't very popular there.
As a result, the Bible says that David became very much afraid of King Akish of Gath.
It was during that dangerous time in David's life that he composed the 56th Psalm.
Let's look at a few verses, starting with verse 1. Show me favor or God,
because mortal man is attacking me. Now, that's good to remember. No matter how powerful a ruler
may seem to be, he is still a mortal man. He needs water and food to live. All Jehovah has to do
is to take that away, and that man is a goner. Now, let's look at verse 8. David says,
you keep track of my wandering. No matter where David went, he was never out of Jehovah's side.
Then he continues, do collect my tears in your skin bottle? Are they not recorded in your book?
David, that courageous warrior was an embarrassed to admit that he shed tears at times,
that he was afraid at times. Still, David didn't allow himself to be overwhelmed by grief.
He was confident that Jehovah noticed his tears, and that God understood the reason why David was
crying. It's as if his tears were recorded in a book. David was sure that one day that book would
be opened, and Jehovah would repay the men who had made David cry. Isn't it reassuring to
know that Jehovah is not indifferent to our tears when you get into a difficult situation?
Pray. If there's something you can do about it, pray for wisdom. If there's nothing you can do
about it, pray for peace. When a situation arises that makes us fearful, remember, we have a secret
weapon. It's a powerful weapon. Prayer. If we pour out our hearts with Jehovah, he will listen to us,
and he will help us. Now that brings us back to verse 3. It's a simple statement, but it's very
meaningful. When I am afraid, I put my trust in you. That's realistic. It acknowledges the fact
that sometimes we're afraid, but it tells us what to do about it, to put our trust in Jehovah.
Next year, we'll have many opportunities to meditate on that statement, because the governing
body has chosen it as our year text for 2024. Once again, that's Psalm 56 verse 3. When I am afraid,
I put my trust in you. From the World Headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses, this is JW Broadcasting.